com/joe/jetpackdemo/databinding/RegisterFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.databinding.RegisterFragmentBindingImpl
com/joe/jetpackdemo/ui/fragment/login/LoginFragmentDirections.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.ui.fragment.login.LoginFragmentDirections
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.ui.fragment.login.LoginFragmentDirections$1
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.ui.fragment.login.LoginFragmentDirections$ActionWelcomeToRegister
com/joe/jetpackdemo/databinding/CourseFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.databinding.CourseFragmentBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/joe/jetpackdemo/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/joe/jetpackdemo/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/joe/jetpackdemo/db/data/HomeworkUpload.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.data.HomeworkUpload
com/joe/jetpackdemo/db/data/Kejian.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.data.Kejian
com/joe/jetpackdemo/utils/RoundImageView.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.utils.RoundImageView
com/joe/jetpackdemo/generated/callback/OnTextChanged.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.generated.callback.OnTextChanged
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.generated.callback.OnTextChanged$Listener
com/joe/jetpackdemo/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/joe/jetpackdemo/BR.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.BR
com/joe/jetpackdemo/databinding/MeFragmentBinding.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.databinding.MeFragmentBinding
com/joe/jetpackdemo/db/data/Video.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.data.Video
com/joe/jetpackdemo/databinding/NotesFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.databinding.NotesFragmentBindingImpl
com/joe/jetpackdemo/db/AppDataBase_Impl.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.AppDataBase_Impl
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.AppDataBase_Impl$1
com/joe/jetpackdemo/db/data/Exercise.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.data.Exercise
com/joe/jetpackdemo/databinding/RegisterFragmentBinding.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.databinding.RegisterFragmentBinding
com/joe/jetpackdemo/db/data/HomeworkTask.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.data.HomeworkTask
com/joe/jetpackdemo/db/data/Student.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.data.Student
com/joe/jetpackdemo/ui/fragment/login/RegisterFragmentArgs.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.ui.fragment.login.RegisterFragmentArgs
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.ui.fragment.login.RegisterFragmentArgs$1
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.ui.fragment.login.RegisterFragmentArgs$Builder
com/joe/jetpackdemo/db/dao/UserDao_Impl.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.dao.UserDao_Impl
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.dao.UserDao_Impl$1
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.dao.UserDao_Impl$2
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.dao.UserDao_Impl$3
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.dao.UserDao_Impl$4
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.dao.UserDao_Impl$5
com/joe/jetpackdemo/db/data/Question.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.data.Question
com/joe/jetpackdemo/db/dao/CourseDao_Impl.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.dao.CourseDao_Impl
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.dao.CourseDao_Impl$1
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.dao.CourseDao_Impl$2
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.dao.CourseDao_Impl$3
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.dao.CourseDao_Impl$4
com/joe/jetpackdemo/db/data/Teacher.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.data.Teacher
com/joe/jetpackdemo/databinding/LoginFragmentBinding.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.databinding.LoginFragmentBinding
com/joe/jetpackdemo/db/data/Chapter.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.db.data.Chapter
com/joe/jetpackdemo/databinding/NotesFragmentBinding.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.databinding.NotesFragmentBinding
com/joe/jetpackdemo/widget/SearchBar.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.widget.SearchBar
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.widget.SearchBar$1
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.widget.SearchBar$2
com/joe/jetpackdemo/databinding/CourseFragmentBinding.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.databinding.CourseFragmentBinding
com/joe/jetpackdemo/databinding/LoginFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.databinding.LoginFragmentBindingImpl
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.databinding.LoginFragmentBindingImpl$OnTextChangedImpl
com/joe/jetpackdemo/databinding/MeFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.databinding.MeFragmentBindingImpl
com/joe/jetpackdemo/BuildConfig.java
 com.joe.jetpackdemo.BuildConfig
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
